you can see Algae Optimus Speed ​​has been around the world right now
Extreme 990 Optimus Speed ​​or Etihad you need it if you like it on demos 2x
whatever that is the device that is the packaging
Here you will first see the device LG Optimus Speed
for a year a few technical data
accordingly, the device and a few technical data was again like him
Alright, and then I'll just take the device out of the box
take it out so they can see it because their son has plastic protection
and here we have the money she needs if she has the front
this is the device house
and who knows what falls on first is relatively difficult to say
directly
yes it is a bit thicker too
of course I had just tested the Samsung Galaxy s2 that is natural
much thinner I note you keep next to it
first time here what few outside we have posted around here
Mehmedi 4 in custody
so that device can see properly
is
So with her a protective Uni front also actually Genoa easy peel off
and now we have the device
as I said it is definitely a more robust
as a single device is then of course also more difficult
something weird for example, here by design I would say
that's a lot of space for those action buttons when I look at it
Of course you do not know why this was the case, so the way was gone
might be a little smaller
Again, it was less beautiful and you have to work well
I can imagine that the device can be there and not so
quickly breaks
we have it here now we have here when the first smartphone with me
Dual core processor respectively
Doerr core processor
a one-gigahertz processor SAS to become more specific a cell phone Hierzegger
Processor and all this Chaumont can watch another video
you can look at www Engine 5 7 points e
or on YouTube you
that's what the turn of the outside looks like we have here
male measures by 11 27 millimeters by 64 millimeters May 11
Millimeters at the thickest point
we have here an entrance for the headphones Dyk pegging me with the box
is this
and we have the entrance hidden under these
for a hdmi cable
we have the possibility to send the pictures and videos directly to your television
transfer
about this cable so what do we have as he looks right
here find nothing except these two buttons and these are showing Hertha's
Hawass
yes for the volume, of course, determine more thick
on the left side, there is absolutely nothing to find more normal there
and the rounds
simply the input for the micro SBK got her juice its percent protection
on the new home
and we see the boxes here
loudspeaker on the back we have an 8-megapixel camera
and then done
with Google is here
here were notified had been announced
I'm still missing at the front
a front camera sensors are installed here and have been here for four years
that punishment
yes that's all from the outside sure that sammer the samsung s2 the next
Müller with the group get an impression how thick that is
but I see so much money that it is not now if you do that
but looks much easier this device
therefore no one should log in here
what does it matter to deliver what really show it once and for once
Although not even the packaging
then there would be data cables Nico SP Zoo is gone
here we have an adapter the belly to charge the device at the socket
we have nimbly out of the headphones here with 3 4 5 millimeters
then we do not lead in Europe that one
and Liam wants to make phone calls that we can do more
we see for whom
Manual also this is the ten millionth Hausen 500
MAh mAh battery included with this promises
according to Annecy
withstand a talk time of ten hours of standby mode every 20 days
and would be the sim card
We both use them once
and there I have to make you a man behind this small step
and with something with power stand this nature blanket remove
I have to which lanes the battery war always very very hard to get out again
Everybody has to go out a little bit fast
the fingers away
then here we have the sim card with the contact down purely
and put the Orco with the contacts on top
Battery of the winner may here had the slot for the Nico is the card
we have an internal memory of 505 here you can do the whole thing
Of course, expand with a Nico sd card
expand up to 32GB
Now with the battery, the device weighs 147 grams and costs around 410 euros
Here we see very many fingerprints
You can see this immediately visible in the light, like the operation
of these LG Optimus Speed ​​with the dual-core processor you will be in
watch the two videos so look over at www mobile - Enzi dot de